Good morning today is the first day of the
samsung fitnesscamp it is very early 16
and how are we going about 46 for the first time?
After that, go for yoga and then it will be today
much more during the day
Run and I'm very excited
but now also very tired and happy
Run me halfway down this whole way
I do not mean a strong sport
but I'm also curious and doing
Now get ready and then it works
Come on
it is
56 very early and it rains
but how do you say so beautiful there is no
bad weather there are only bad ones
clothes and the trade hopefully
never go on and things are going so well here
meanwhile it is 25 and after that
have just warmed up a bit
should go with these mountain ten times
and also as fast as
possible determines a great thing
Washington
O
I am injured kilograms
were also a company
the last few years are over
not least our winner Lukas Kawka
will we be precise to the least, the
then guilty with faith and we
let it be very bad
19 years equal to 20 wonderful too
to decrease
just such a beautiful landscape
background clubs that was now the
everyday the first half of samsung
galaxy fitness ok we'll do it all
really broken camp now we have to
then we have to learn more
run and then we look like it
run home today
if you do a lot of sports then you have to be good too
eat and that's why we do now
together the rocks
together we all eat wonderfully
for the next sports unit
not necessarily and now
that's enough
on
made
and then if you have cured long enough
then the whole thing is so
Grüner's movie is quite healthy with it
then continue after this break
can as i have mentioned and
again between eight and ten
kilometre
Of course the people like me are the same
not so much running in any case a
quite a challenge though
also here
paul s
and about the
I would be official now
exhausted with the program we are
Now I'm finished today
25,000 466 steps learned and gambled
and ran at least according to the gfk and
I have 24 kilometers behind me
brought
I cursed and cried
not but I was already such a
I have to say a little bit at my limit
Run is not so mine but it
was still a really great day we
to be in nature in South Tyrol
really good and I'm happy now
at dinner the others here
they are still doing that now
a little bit of wellness that you can use the rems
very good here's probably 13 or 16
saunas
I will, however, still one
little work near there is something to
eat and then I probably go
very early in bed because tomorrow it is
yes continue to do yoga and then
At some point we go throwing
I'm really looking forward to that
I think I'm better than running that
was the food of me good night